How did you find this place?
You treat people as fools, so of course we have our own methods?
What solution? Who does what?
I've never run like this before!
You like to break the market on your own,
I am you give up to him, otherwise the consequences will come from the enemy,
I really want to live on my own,
In our strict place, how do you control the people you mentioned?
That's a lot of space, Miss, Miss, Sister
this is our plan
can you cooperate with me
So according to your plan
If you are responsible for the comic family business, you will die
Wait for the big news to come
After the judgment of Wan Zhong Xi
He will continue to make money in a few years
From now on, Wanjia and Xiajia will unite
The whole dragon madness
But it’s our other people’s home
I have to think about this
Abo, I’ll go find Xinlu Street first.
OK, go down, go down, go down.
For Wentu flagship
Please invite the lady
I lost Chongxi
Try again
Do you agree?
Wait, tell
Let me know what I don't need
Put your phone on the line with me
I want to call you
Send the wrong one first
We did take this into consideration
My front foot is connected to the motorcycle and it is written as
You guys have taken control of your feet
Are you ahead of me?
I'll catch you
When the time comes I will give you everything
I said I stabbed you
Control content
Don’t you convince me not to give me even a million dollars?
Nothing is right about this
You are just a king and I will not kill you
You really take yourself seriously.
I'm just using you
I want this woman
Even defrauding everyone
It's not my deception
I control thousands of families
All my top resources like you
That's your purpose
What is going to happen
Can't see that. Thanks for hearing more about it.
You succeeded everyone in Jangho Group, I will
You also know Jianghe Group
Are you the person who is responsible for this sex?
It's up to you to handle it as you wish